Further Adoption Implementation Considerations:
Some thoughts on other considerations for other parts of an adoption application, or components left out of this implementation.
The Pet object would likely need to be extended to contain additional info related to time they've been at the shelter (or just when they arrived),
as well as cost for adoption. Assuming they aren't just deleted upon adoption from, there would be more considerations to a history, like when they
were adopted, fostering history, or if they return to this or another animal shelter.
More models would also be desired for the people doing the adoption, contact information, fostering history, and any past adoptions.
Further pets' model(s) may be extended to include "requirements" for adoption, such as the adopter having a yard, or having
a history of pet ownership. Ideally the person model described above could be used to not just show pets by filters like we already have, but also matching
pet adoption requirements to adopter persons' credentials.

Testing Methodology
For testing, we could ease some of thios burden by introducing interfaces to make it easier to stub out/mock certain components to better isolate
the tested functionality. For example, instead of the one static method we have for parsing the bulk data, maye there's a parser interface that has
various implementations for different bulk sources, then whe we had tests for the driver application it'd be easier to mock out the data ingestion portion.
A similar idea could be aplpied to the filtering, which likewise we would probably want to refactor out of the main driver class in an actual implementation
of this pet adoption program.
Thoughts thus far have been more applicable to the unit testing for this operation, we would also likely want to test the application holistically (integration tests).
For this the mocking is of course less relevant. We'd want a test to invoke the driver program, and go through the paces of ingesting the bulk data and then checking
the output of applying various filters got expected pets displayed.